You know, there was a molester at my church.
We had a priest that was a molester named father. Holohan shocker.
<Laugh> wait a minute. Is it a Catholic church? Shocker. What the, man?
You can't trust anybody? And.
The kids, we used to call him happy hands Holohan cuz HED always. Oh,
he just Christ. Cause whenever he come up, he'd always like wanna wrestle you.
But he was the last kind of guy. He was a nerd. He was, he was like an,
he's not a wrestling type guy. Right. He wasn't a.
Rapist was just, but.
He would always, he'd always come up like, Hey, I'm like,
like why are you doing it? You're just trying to grab me. Yeah.
And so we would call him happy hands Holohan oh. And we would get in trouble.
If, if, if our parents heard us or don't judge disrespectful to the like,
you know, he is grabbing our. Right. <laugh> yeah. So they finally, uh,
they finally caught 'em and I don't know why I started talking about this,
but uh, yeah. Why did I start talking about this? Um, oh, I know,
because we're talking about I George, we always had George TEI.
We always thought it was like, it was up to you to not get molested by him.
Like if you got caught and we would laugh, right. It was,
we would laugh at kids who got caught at a kids. Yeah.
So we gotta run faster <laugh> he would take us. That's.
So sad. He would take us, he had a, a summer house, right.
With a boat and up in Wisconsin. Right.
So he would take us and it was like an hour and a half away.
We'd get in his station wagon.
He'd take like six boys up to there and we're gonna go water skiing or whatever.
Right. Um, so he had the day set up.
Where once you got there, you had to first do cleaning.
So you had to change into your cleaning clothes. Yeah. Oh Jesus.
And so every time we had to go in the room and change,
he would find a reason to come in the room and wrestle one of us. Oh God.
And then we were like, all right, we gotta put up with it.
Cuz we wanna go in his boat. You know, we were poor <laugh> Oh my God.
We're poor. You know, we grew.
Up. Isn't it funny how it's only funny if it's you like you're allowed to laugh
about getting molested as long as it's you. Yes.
You know like no one could say like you like he, well, he,
Jimmy was on the Joe Rogan show and he was laughing about cha molestation.
Oh my God. Was that, is that true? Hate speech. Put the blanket on it.
Hate speech. But no, it was, he was, he was talking about him getting molested.
Um, well he's normalizing sexual assault.
He would take us, this priest would try to teach you how to ski, you know?
How do you teach them? How to water ski? You put your Dick.
In their mouth. Boy, your.
Dick in their mouth. <laugh>.
Do you know how to breathe under water here?
It's you're we go now, hold your nose. <laugh> no spitting.
<laugh> so he, the way you teach someone how water skis,
you put water skis on them and then he'd sit there on the dock and then you pull
away. Right. Uh, and that's how you learn.
So he would take us in shallow water and then he would go,
he would put the skis on you. So you couldn't run away from him. Oh God. And I,
and he would like put his hands. Oh my God.
He would put his hands underneath your crotch, like this from, to pick you up.
And then he goes, now when the boat pulls,
it's gonna pull you up like this and it's gonna, and then it's.
Gonna jerk you off. And the only way to CA you gotta catch it in your mouth.
<laugh>.
And so it was what the man.
And so we looked at it like it was your job to get out of that situation. Oh no.
And if you got caught, we'd all laugh at you. I remember my, our friend,
my friend, Danny he's in the, you would laugh. We laugh he's oh my God.
We see he's in the shallow water and he's going now,
if the boat pulls you and he goes like this and looks at us and he goes <laugh>
he goes, oh no. And we're laughing. He in front of everybody. Yes.
And we're laughing and laughing.
Now, did he actually molest anyone other these inappropriate touches? No.
He molested.
People. Oh boy. He had to leave the church and all that stuff. Oh, did he.
Leave the church to he just.
Move them? No. Dis him. He, he went to Arizona for a sabbatical. Yeah. Yeah.
He's got, he needs our prayers at this. They sent out a note,
like a letter to everybody's house who was in the, you gave money.
They give you a letter. Was it.
Here? No evil. The documentary where they, you know, there was one priest that,
um, Benedict who became the Pope moved,
who went on to molest a hundred deaf kids. Oh no.
Oh no. Yeah. Horrific, horrific. Ah, that, that,
that process of moving people was always
terrifying because they basically let them know, Hey,
you're not even gonna be punished to this. We're just gonna move you.
I'm just gonna move you. Yeah.
That's all we do. That's yeah. Doesn't I know. I don't understand.
Terrifying, terrifying stuff. Yeah.
Why isn't the FBI infiltrate the Catholic church. Yeah. Imagine.
I, I did a joke about it on stage a while back, I was like,
imagine if that many NASCAR drivers were kids,
how quick would they shut down? NASCAR. If NASCAR pulled into town, just.
All the kids and drove around a circle real quick. They'd be like,
we gotta shut this down. This is a crazy organization. But meanwhile,
way more people are getting molested by the Catholic church.
I, I couldn't agree.
More. And it's a terrifying number.
When you look at the numbers of people that have just accused them of,
of sexual assault and molestation, it's terrifying.
Yeah. It's terrifying.
And all the money they take that you give them on Sunday to go pay these people
off is also.
Yeah. I feel very fortunate that I ducked that I got lucky.
I was outta Catholic school. Oh, you went to Catholic school. Yeah.
For one year only. But in first grade I was gone after first grade. And uh, I,
you know, I had friends that stayed and I know, I knew people that got touched,
you know, it's just, it was it's it's for people who outside the Catholic faith,
people who are it's, there's something that, that happened.
And it probably happened when they told 'em they couldn't get married anymore
because it used to be, the Pope could get married.
The Pope was allowed to have children.
And the priests were allowed to be married.
Priests were allowed to have children, but they were rock stars.
You have to realize like back in the Lutheran days,
the days of Martin Luther and those, those guys were everybody,
they would get at you in that confession, you know,
in the confession would tell me what you did, Dolores.
And dolos out there just sucking all day. Show me how you sucked at Dolores.
I mean, they were banging everybody.
And then they came up with some sort of a reason why they should have to be
celibate and from then on, well.
So here's what hap here's what I heard. What happened was that.
So there was two ways to become nobility. And the medieval times you could be,
uh, born noble or you could get in, you buy your way into the church. Oh.
And so you could become nobility.
And so what would happen is these rich who would buy their way into the church
would die. And then all their money would go to their kid.
They're firstborn mm-hmm <affirmative>. And the church is like,
we gotta get some. We gotta get our hands on that money.
And so they passed the law. Hey, nobody can get married. Legally. They all did.
They still had kids and. And they still had Myres and whatever,
but when they died all their money and property went to the church.
That makes sense. And so of course it's all about money.
So that's the story I heard. If, if anybody heard, did I believe it's both.
I bet it's.
I bet it had something to do with sex as well and preventing those guys from
everybody, you know, cuz they were rock stars.
There was no rock stars back then.
So the guys that they were the spokespersons for God,
would most likely be the ones who had the most influence in the community.
I mean, yes. There was a kid that we went to school with who was, uh,
clearly gay, nice guy.
And he was gonna become a priest when we were on high school together.
So as we were like riding the bus, going to high school,
he was like a couple years ahead of me. And he was uh,
leaving school and he was already on his way. What is it?
Divinity school or seminary school. I think seminary, I think, yeah,
he was on his way and we were all like,
we were all calling him father already and it was just ridiculous.
We were all accepting. The fact this guy was gonna be a priest, but you know,
for him it was, he was so obviously gay that, you know,
I mean, I didn't give a, but I knew you could tell he's gay. He's a gay guy.
He never had any interest in girls. Never was around them. Kind of uh,
just an oddly feminine man and uh,
decided to take up the priesthood and we all, you know,
treated him like he was different because he was gonna become a priest.
It was very weird.
Yeah. There, you know,
priests are still treated like rock stars in the Catholic church today.
I mean, you know yeah. And he was, meanwhile,
I was just another 16 year old kid just like us, you know,
maybe he was 17 at the time. And I think I was 15, but it was just,
he wasn't any different than us,
but we were calling him father and stuff and it was just so strange.
I had two uncles that went to the seminary who one of 'em became a priest.
And the other one, uh, over the summer, uh,
had a friend who got pregnant and he had to stop being, get dropped outta some.
Wow. But when you went to my grandmother's house,
as you walked up the steps into their living room, the two pictures,
she would have greeting you was a picture of both her sons and their priest
outfit. So one was actually a priest and one had to cook another,
but they that's the picture. She kept up.
The guy's bringing over his four kids to her house.
There's the picture of him and daddy. Why are you in the priest outfit?
One point in time.
So, so yeah. That's um, are you, are you still religious?
Do you still go to church? No. Okay. No, I, I go because my,
I go to church for a Baptist church in Pasadena because my,
my mother-in-law goes and she wanted, she asked me to go, oh well that's,
it's probably fun. And I said, okay, I'll go. I'm being.
Protested by the Westboro Baptist church tomorrow. Are you? Yes.
Where in Kansas city? Oh, I'm very.
Excited. Oh, that is, ah, I've always wanted to be protested. Very excited.
Good.
For you. Put out a press release and they even responded to, uh, my, my, uh,
I put out a post and they had a tweet, someone who has idea,
but what God wants is speak and for God. Ah, cause I, I said that if God,
you know, if there is a God, they said I was an atheist, which I I'm really not.
I mean, I don't consider myself anything. I don't consider myself religious.
I'm not an atheist. I'm just a person who doesn't know. And I, I don't,
that's called agnostic, I think. Right. I'm more agnostic than anything,
but I don't don't even want to put a label on it.
Why should I have to be on someone's camp? You know? Right. This I, my,
my opinions are allowed to evolve and I'm allowed to,
and I've done a lot of drugs. I've seen some that I can't explain, you know?
And psychedelics man will, they'll get you,
whatever confidence you have that there's no, God,
you go through a DMT trip and you come out in the other end. You're like, okay,
maybe I don't know what the I'm talking about. Maybe I don't know anything.
And that that's, I'm in the, maybe I don't know anything camp.
So I said that if there was a God, I don't know if there's God,
but if there was a, a God, he or she would probably be very disappointed.
These hateful tots, pretending they speak for him, putting up signs to say,
God hates Fs. Like you really think this is what God would want.
That's out ages.
And so that's what they're upset about that you said, said that I.
Speak for God. Oh, but they could speak for God. Yeah. They see God hates facts.
I'm see. They're written anywhere. <laugh> look to the Bible.
Never says God hates facts. That's their website is God hates fags.com.
Just stop and think about that. I think.
They should take their Facebook page.
Away. Do they have a YouTube channel?
I west pro Baptist church have YouTube channel.
But yeah, but don't, don't you, I mean, don't speed speech.